readme.md, before:

# FrnT

> /frənt/

FrnT is a community based, crowd-sourced furniture-sharing rental website that allows users to search and post furniture listings for rentals in their proximity.

### Repo structure
- [Iteration documents](Iterations/) -- course-required iteration planning and review documents.
- [Product Documents](Product Documents/) -- all things related to product definition: workflow descriptions, wireframes, mockups, interview notes.
- [Frontend](Frontend/)
- [Backend](Backend/)

### Dev Process

- Request via issue
- Contribute via pull request
- Build must pass
- Code review

### Roles & Responsibilities


##### Repo Manager

- [freeatnet](https://github.com/freeatnet)

##### Contributors

- [g3wanghc](https://github.com/g3wanghc)
- [xofaye](https://github.com/xofaye)
- [melissacoolbeans](https://github.com/melissacoolbeans)
- [gomuramatsu](https://github.com/gomuramatsu)

### Style and Guidelines

- [PEP 8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/)
- Squash commits into a single commit
- Merge via `git rebase -i`
- It’s okay to force update your pull request with `git push -f`


### API Wiki

- n/a

### Test and Build

- Postman
- Travis CI

### Contact

- [Slack](csc301project.slack.com)
- [Email](mailto:csc301project@freeatnet.com)

Commit message:

add link to root application folder on main README.md

readme.md, after:

# FrnT

> /frənt/

FrnT is a community based, crowd-sourced furniture-sharing rental website that allows users to search and post furniture listings for rentals in their proximity.

### Repo structure
- [Iteration documents](Iterations/) -- course-required iteration planning and review documents.
- [Product Documents](Product Documents/) -- all things related to product definition: workflow descriptions, wireframes, mockups, interview notes.
- [Backend](Backend/)

### Running the application locally 

- Instructions can be found on the [application README.md](Backend/frnt/)

### Dev Process

- Request via issue
- Contribute via pull request
- Build must pass
- Code review

### Roles & Responsibilities


##### Repo Manager

- [freeatnet](https://github.com/freeatnet)

##### Contributors

- [g3wanghc](https://github.com/g3wanghc)
- [xofaye](https://github.com/xofaye)
- [melissacoolbeans](https://github.com/melissacoolbeans)
- [gomuramatsu](https://github.com/gomuramatsu)

### Style and Guidelines

- [PEP 8](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/)
- Squash commits into a single commit
- Merge via `git rebase -i`
- It’s okay to force update your pull request with `git push -f`


### API Wiki

- n/a

### Test and Build

- Postman
- Travis CI

### Contact

- [Slack](csc301project.slack.com)
- [Email](mailto:csc301project@freeatnet.com)
